All right Bishop and the pawn so if you feel if you have ever played chess before the bishop can go
diagonally in any direction that it is on the same color.
So you'll see here so that we are going here we are going there we are going here we are going there.
And so we're going to get is a.
And if you don't know how chess works this is essentially a one be one two and you can see it's kind
of on a chart graph.
So what we're going to get is the bishop position which will be our first parameter and the pawn position
which will be our second one and we need to return a true or false value.
If it's going to be able to hit our pawn.
So if our bishop is on a 1 and our pawn is on C3 we need to understand that he can hit it.
That is our objective here with this algorithm.
I remember struggling very much so on this until I thought of a unique way to solve this problem I don't
know if it's unique but it was a very straightforward way of solving this problem.
So let's go to dive into it.
The only hint I have for this is that I use parts and the rest is just logic and understanding the board.
All right so the way I solved this was there's actually a mathematical equation.
If you create a board object which I did and we can see if they line up when we add a couple of values.
And so that's what we're going to do to start by creating a board.
Then this will be a constant.
Well in my example here I did not do that.
Shame on me for not making that concept.
And so here we have remember how we had a.
So it is a one B will be a two
C K C will be 3.
Oh my goodness I'm just fat finger and everything.
So D.
Well we have four.
He will be a five.
And then if we say X and then he will be a seven.
And finally H.
Will be a 8.
All right.
Excellent.
So we have our board now what we need to do is we need to get the the letter values so the bishop's
x and y values.
So we're going out of here through another Conte's or this bishop x is equal to the board.
Bishop
zero.
So remember these are strings and we're targeting the very first character so this way and you'll see
winning passport and here we're say board of keyway which will return the value 1.
And now we're going to do the same thing almost the same thing for Bishop Y and we're going to set this
equal to the parse value of Biche up on index 1 to 1.
We want that treated as an integer.
So cool.
And let's go and just put return false on here because we're expecting a boolean output so we can handle
the true statements and false statements.
It's going to create another cost because now we're going to the same exact thing except this is now
going to be the pond's x and y coordinates so we'll call this pawn.
X is going to be equal to board up.
X is a board pawn zero so that the numerical value in our end create another cost which will be porn
y and this will be good to board on 3 percent
of board of porn I'm really killing it right now.
Porn boy.
Excellent.
So now we have the values of R X Y and R x and y for the bishop and R x and y is done at this point.
You know if you did this you probably figured out that there is an association if you add these together
so there's true true values that we have here.
If the if the bishop X plus the bishop Y is equal equal equal to the porn y plus the pawn X we return
true.
But there's also another or here or if either one is the history the bishop X plus the upon Y is equal
equal equal to the pawn X plus the bishop y we return true and that's it.
At the end of the day.
So if you're able to look at the the graph and see that there is a new as even though there is an A1
and B when all this or so that there's a number associated with it and draw the be able to figure out
this sort of little equation here of how those numbers represent each other it's just a matter pulling
the data out and comparing them.
I found this one a bit hard because I originally didn't know where to start.
Right and I find that to be the hardest thing and I say I practice more and more with these algorithms
and I continue going through I start to see these patterns of OK now we're treating things like an X
and a Y What does that mean.
How do we make those comparisons how you know without getting overwhelmed.
So that was this problem that show.